Are you awake? When did you wake up?
Now is not the time to talk about this, let's get out of here first.
Nickname, that's really not the case.
You idiot, can two legs go on four wheels?
It’s useless. If you don’t believe it, neither you nor the woman can catch it.
Sounds like, what should we do next? Don’t worry,
Even if Yi doesn't work, there will always be a next time, and she can always be saved.
So, it was already possible before,
It's to collect evidence and catch the mastermind behind the scenes,
Just continue to pretend to be in a vegetative state. I have been lying down,
If someone harms me, if he relaxes his vigilance, I may suffer from it.
Come on, the plot of the number of people is based on the period of prosperity and military review.
The truth is hidden better than you
It’s really dark too
Didn't you expose yourself to the fight today?
Leave this matter to me
This is not impossible
I am responsible for your safety
I think you are quite interesting.
Where did you start with these words?
You still know it hurts
You threw up your hands to catch me earlier
You're lucky if you haven't broken up at all.